---
category: special
layout: default
weight: -9
---

## Concert hall performances

Our daytime performances will take place at the [Clothworkers'
Centenary Concert Hall](http://concerts.leeds.ac.uk/), in the School
of Music, University of Leeds.

As standard we will make available a stereo system (Genelec 7070A), an
8 channel system (Genelec 1037B), and Yamaha Disklavier piano. For
microphone list and other equipment enquiries, please contact the
conference organisers.

## CePRA session on Instrumental Collaboration

The Centre for Practive-Led Research in The Arts (CePRA), University
of Leeds are sponsoring the participation of pianist [Anne
Veinberg](http://www.anneveinberg.com/) and percussionist [Paul
Hession](http://www.softdrum.com/), both internationally respected
practitioners. You are warmly encouraged to submit proposals to the
conference for performance collaborations with one (or possibly both!)
of them.

[Anne Veinberg](http://www.anneveinberg.com) is a accomplished pianist
and interdisciplinary practitioner with a history of working with live
coders, performing at the most recent large European live coding event
Live.Code.Fest Karlsruhe 2013, working with composer [Marcel
Wierckx](http://www.lownorth.nl/) as well as forming a duo, "Off<>zz",
with [Felipe Ignacio Noriega](http://www.felipeignacio.info),
dedicated to the combination of piano with live coding.

[Paul Hession](http://www.softdrum.com/) works mostly within the jazz
and free improvisation scenes. Paul has played with many of the great
free improvisers, including Derek Bailey, Evan Parker, Peter
Brotzmann, Joe McPhee and Lol Coxhill as well as musicians from other
spheres, such as Paul Woolford, Squarepusher and live coder Alex
McLean. His recent work has explored extensions of his drum set with
live electronics and live algorithms.

You may contact Anne or Paul directly via their respective website, or
via the organisers at
[livecodenet@gmail.com](mailto:livecodenet@gmail.com).

You are also warmly encouraged to submit performance proposals which
include other instrumentalists. In that case we are unable to
contribute towards related costs, but may be able to help with
equipment/instruments.


## Algorave performances

No academic conference is complete without an
[algorave](http://algorave.com/), a chance to dance to algorithms with friends new and old.

We will have at least one club night, at the excellent [Wharf Chambers](http://www.wharfchambers.org/) co-op.

